Object = A "bundle" of related attributes (variables) and methods (functions)
         Ex. phone, cup, book
         You need a "class" to create many objects

Class = A blueprint for an object.
        To create an object in a class we use a special kind of method called a constructor.
        We use function "def __init__(self,parameter1,parameter2...):"

        Eg: To access some the characteristic of we <object_name>.attribute to access that attribute
            for the given object.

Methods: Methods are actions that our object can perform.

Class varaibles: Shared among all instances of a class.
                 Defined outside the constructor
                 Allows you to share data among all objects created from that class
                 Instance variables are defined in the constructor.

Inheritance: Allows a class to inherit attributes and methods from another class.
             Helps with code reusability and extensibility
             class Child(Parent)

Multiple Inheritance: Inheriting from more than parent C(A,B)

Multilevel Inheritance: inherit from a parent that inherits from another 
                        C(B) <- B(A) <- A

super(): Function used in a child class to call methods from the parent class (superclass).
         Allows you to extend the functionality of the inherited method.

         If a child shares a similar version of a method as the parent we use the childs version and not the
         parents version.

Polymorphism: Greek word that means to have many forms or faces.
              Poly = many
              Morph = forms

              TWO WAYS TO ACHIEVE Polymorphism:
              1. Inheritance = An object could be treated of the same type as a parent class
              2. "Duck typing" = Object must have necessary attributes/methods.

"Duck Typing": Another way to implement Polymorphism.
               Objects must have the minimum neccessary attributes/methods
               "If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it must be a duck."

Static method: A method that belongs to a class rather than any object from that class (Instance)
               Usually used for general utility functions.

               Static method = Best for utility functions that don't require access to class data.
               Instance method = Best for operations on instances of a class(Object).

Class method: Allow operations related to class itself.
              Take (cls) as the first parameter, which refers to the class itself.
